- MY NAME IS MICHAEL WESTEN.
I USED TO BE A SPY UNTIL--
[phone rings]
- WE GOT A BURN NOTICE ON YOU.
YOU'RE BLACKLISTED.
- [whistles]
WHEN YOU'RE BURNED,
YOU'VE GOT NOTHING.
NO CASH, NO CREDIT,
NO JOB HISTORY.
YOU'RE STUCK IN WHATEVER CITY
THEY DECIDE TO DUMP YOU.
WHERE AM I?
- MIAMI.
- YOU DO WHATEVER WORK
COMES YOUR WAY.
YOU RELY ON ANYONE
WHO'S STILL TALKING TO YOU.
[laughs]
A TRIGGER-HAPPY GIRLFRIEND...
- SHOULD WE SHOOT THEM?
- AND OLD FRIEND WHO USED
TO INFORM ON YOU TO THE FBI...
- YOU KNOW SPIES.
BUNCH OF BITCHY LITTLE GIRLS.
- FAMILY TOO.
- HEY, IS THAT YOUR MOM AGAIN?
[phone rings]
- IF YOU'RE DESPERATE.
- SOMEONE NEEDS
YOUR HELP, MICHAEL.
- AND A DOWN AND OUT SPY
YOU MET ALONG THE WAY.
- THAT'S HOW WE DO IT, PEOPLE.
- BOTTOM LINE?
AS LONG AS YOU'RE BURNED,
YOU'RE NOT GOING ANYWHERE.
[gunshot]
HEY! NATE! NATE!
- GRAY SHOT YOUR BROTHER.
- YOU ORDERED HIM TO!
CARD'S DEAD, FI,
NOW WE NEED A WAY OUT OF HERE.
- THERE'S A FULL TACTICAL
SUPPORT TEAM ON SITE
AND SOME HEAVY HITTER
SEEMS TO BE RUNNING THE SHOW.
- YOU KILLED TOM CARD AND YOUR
FRIENDS HELPED YOU ESCAPE.
YOU ARE NOW ENEMIES
OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
- NOW I DIDN'T
BETRAY MY COUNTRY.
I WAS TRYING TO PROTECT IT.
- I DON'T CARE.
- RILEY HAS GONE ROGUE.
SHE SENT A HIT TEAM AFTER US.
- DROP IT, WESTEN.
- HEAVE TO AND STOP YOUR VESSEL.
- EITHER YOU CONFESS
OR WE BOTH DIE RIGHT NOW.
I THINK IT'S TIME
TO MAKE THAT CALL.
- FIVE, FOUR...
- IT ENDS TODAY.
- ALL RIGHT, I'LL CALL!
- THREE...
- JUST CALL THEM OFF.
- TWO--
- GUNNERY STATION, STAND DOWN.
- WE'VE BEEN HERE THREE WEEKS.
HOW LONG DOES IT TAKE
TO "SORT OUT WHAT HAPPENED"?
WHEN ARE WE GONNA GET OUT?
IN PANAMA, YOU SAID
THAT WE WERE DONE WITH ALL THIS.
YOU SAID IT WOULD JUST BE US.
- I NEEDED TO PROTECT YOU.
I NEEDED TO PROTECT ALL OF US.
- MICHAEL, WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?
- I MADE A DEAL.
- NO.
[crowd shouting]
- [speaking Spanish]
- YOU'RE DONE, PAL.
YOU GIVE NEW MEANING
TO THE WORD "DESPISED."
IN ADDITION TO YOUR
IMPRESSIVE LIST OF FELONIES,
YOU JUST BROUGHT DOWN ONE OF
THE MOST RESPECTED CIA OFFICERS
LANGLEY EVERY PRODUCED.
THE CIA, THE NSA,
THE NCTC, EVERYBODY,
EVERY INTELLIGENCE ORGANIZATION
IS CALLING
FOR YOUR HEAD ON A PIKE,
WHICH MEANS
YOU GET TO LOOK FORWARD
TO SPENDING THE REST
OF YOUR LIFE IN A DARK HOLE.
AND NOT JUST YOU, MICHAEL.
SEE YOUR FRIENDS THERE?
YOU MAY BE ABLE TO LIVE OUT
THE REST OF YOUR DAYS
IN A COLD, CONCRETE BOX, BUT
DO YOU REALLY THINK THEY CAN?
THEY'RE NEVER
GONNA SEE THE SUN AGAIN.
IN SHORT, MY FRIEND,
YOU'RE SCREWED.
BUT GUESS WHAT.
IT'S YOUR LUCKY DAY.
BECAUSE I JUST HAPPEN
TO BE IN THE MARKET
FOR SOMEONE JUST LIKE YOU.
[crowd shouting]
WE'RE GOING AFTER THE LEADER
OF A TERRORIST NETWORK
BASED IN THE DOMINICAN REPUBLIC.
WE NEED TO GET SOMEBODY
CLOSE TO THIS BASTARD,
FIND OUT WHAT HE'S UP TO,
AND TAKE HIM DOWN.
NOW I HAVE TR--WE'VE TRIED
FOR YEARS
TO GET SOMEBODY CLOSE TO HIM.
BUT I THINK THAT YOU CAN SUCCEED
WHERE OTHERS HAVE FAILED.
BECAUSE IT TURNS OUT YOU USED
TO WORK WITH THIS SON OF A BITCH
BACK IN THE GOOD OLD DAYS.
- [screams]
[crowd chanting in Spanish]
- AND FORTUNATELY,
YOU'VE ALREADY SET UP
A PERFECT COVER I.D. BY STABBING
YOUR OLD AGENCY IN THE BACK
AND TRYING TO BLACKMAIL YOUR WAY
OUT OF IT AND THAT'S--
THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT I NEED.
I NEED THE OLD MICHAEL WESTEN
FROM BEFORE THE BURN NOTICE,
BEFORE THIS
EXTENDED MIAMI VACATION,
THE MICHAEL WESTEN THAT GOT
THE JOB DONE NO MATTER WHAT.
SO DO WE HAVE A DEAL?
[crowd chanting in Spanish]
[cheering]
- A DEEP COVER JOB CHANGES YOU
IN WAYS
THAT ARE HARD TO DESCRIBE.
TO BECOME ANOTHER MAN
FOR MONTHS OR YEARS,
IT'S IMPOSSIBLE TO GO THROUGH
AND NOT BE AFFECTED
AT THE MOST BASIC LEVEL.
IN A WAY, THAT'S THE POINT.
DEEP COVER IS ONLY USED
TO GO AFTER THE HARDEST TARGETS.
THE ONES WHO
CAN'T BE APPROACHED.
THE ONES WHO CAN SEE
THROUGH THE SMOOTH LIE.
THE ONES WHO KNOW
THE REAL THING WHEN THEY SEE IT.
THE ONLY WAY IN
WITH A TARGET LIKE THAT
IS TO BECOME THE REAL THING.
EVERY HOUR, EVERY DAY, WHETHER
YOU'RE IN PUBLIC OR ALONE,
YOU HAVE TO LIVE THE LIFE
OF THE MAN
YOU'RE CLAIMING TO BE.
IT CREEPS INTO YOUR SOUL
AFTER A WHILE.
SPEND ENOUGH TIME
POSING AS AN ALCOHOLIC EX-SPY
COMMITTING THE OCCASIONAL
CRIME TO PAY THE RENT
AND THE LINE BETWEEN FICTION
AND FACT BECOMES BLURRY.
EVENTUALLY, THE QUESTION ISN'T
WHETHER THE COVER I.D.
WILL ATTRACT THE TARGET.
IT'S WHETHER THERE
WILL BE ENOUGH OF YOU LEFT
TO COMPLETE THE MISSION
WHEN IT DOES.
[all speaking Spanish]
- NO, GRINGO.
THIS TIME YOU FIGHT FOR FREE.
- IS THIS ABOUT MARQUEZ?
'CAUSE IF HE'S ASKING
FOR MORE MONEY,
THEN YOU'RE GONNA
HAVE TO TAKE IT UP WITH HIM.
- BEEN A LONG TIME.
- BURKE?
WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU DOING HERE?
- ENJOYING
THE SANTO DOMINGO SUNSHINE.
LOOKING UP OLD FRIENDS.
YOU OKAY?
- YEAH, I'LL BE FINE.
- GOOD.
GET HIM TO THE HOSPITAL.
MICHAEL AND I HAVE SOME
CATCHING UP TO DO, DON'T WE?
- RANDALL BURKE, WHAT'S IT BEEN?
TEN YEARS?
- SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
- MOST PEOPLE, WHEN THEY'RE
LOOKING TO GET BACK IN TOUCH,
DON'T SEND GUYS WITH BLADES.
- NOTHING PERSONAL, NICK.
JUST WANTED TO SEE IF YOU COULD
STILL HANDLE YOURSELF.
- WHY'S THAT?
- I GOT A JOB COMING UP.
I WAS HOPING
YOU MIGHT BE RIGHT FOR IT.
- WELL, NOW YOU KNOW.
- MAYBE.
MAYBE NOT.
- SEEMS TO ME THE LAST TIME
WE SAW EACH OTHER,
I WAS DRAGGING YOUR ASS
OUT OF A FIREFIGHT IN DAGESTAN.
YOU REMEMBER THAT?
- LIKE IT WAS YESTERDAY,
BROTHER.
- I'M THAT SAME GUY.
- ARE YOU?
- [coughs]
- YOU SEE, THE THING
ABOUT THAT GUY, MIKE,
IS HE HAD A FIRE INSIDE.
BACK THEN, YOU WERE CAPABLE
OF THINGS
I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW
WERE POSSIBLE.
THIS GUY?
WHAT, ARE YOU GETTING DRUNK
BEFORE NOON?
COME ON.
- EVERYBODY HITS
A LOW PATCH NOW AND THEN,
BUT I'M STILL IN THE GAME.
TOOK CARE OF YOUR TWO GUYS,
DIDN'T I?
- THAT NEVER WOULD HAVE HAPPENED
TO THE MICHAEL I KNEW.
- WHAT, THIS?
OH, COME ON, IT'S A SCRATCH.
I'LL TELL YOU WHAT.
FIRST JOB, HALF OFF.
I'LL CALL IT THE FRIENDS
AND FAMILY DISCOUNT.
- IT'S NOT ABOUT
THE MONEY, MIKE.
- WELL, THEN WHAT'S IT ABOUT?
BECAUSE I WANT A JOB.
BURKE, I NEED A JOB.
- WE'LL SEE.
- I DON'T WANNA SEE.
I KNOW--I KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS.
- YOU SHOULD
TAKE CARE OF YOURSELF.
- BURKE?
TO OLD FRIENDS?
[cheers and applause]
- TELL ME ABOUT
YOUR MEETING WITH BURKE.
DO WE HAVE LIFTOFF?
- NO, HE'S FEELING ME OUT.
- FEELING YOU OUT?
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
- HE'S INTERESTED, BUT HE THINKS
I MIGHT HAVE LOST MY EDGE.
- ANY CHANCE YOUR
NONSTOP BOOZE-A-THON
HAS GIVEN HIM SECOND THOUGHTS?
I WARNED YOU NOT TO TAKE
THAT DEAD END ACT TOO FAR.
- BURKE WON'T BELIEVE
A TOP SHELF OPERATIVE
FELL INTO HIS LAP.
HE'S GOTTA THINK I'M DAMAGED
GOODS OR THE STORY FALLS APART.
- WELL, YOU BETTER HOPE SO
'CAUSE THE CLOCK IS TICKING.
IF HE WALKS AWAY--
- I KNOW WHAT I'M DOING, STRONG.
STOP SECOND GUESSING ME
FROM THE SIDELINES.
- SIDELINES?
[chuckles]
WESTEN, THIS INVESTIGATION HAS
TAKEN UP EIGHT YEARS OF MY LIFE,
IT'S DRAGGED ME ACROSS
THREE CONTINENTS,
AND IT ENDED MY MARRIAGE.
AND WHAT DOES IT ALL
ADD UP TO?
YOU, MY FRIEND.
- I'M DOING THE BEST I CAN.
- YOU KNOW WHAT,
WE HAVE AN AGREEMENT.
MY END OF THE DEAL
WAS TO SAVE YOUR FRIENDS.
YOUR END WAS TO TAKE BURKE DOWN,
NOT DO THE BEST YOU CAN.
AND THAT MEANS
YOU DO WHATEVER IT TAKES.
YOU UNDERSTAND?
- FOR A SPY OPERATING
UNDER A COVER I.D.,
SECURITY OPTIONS ARE LIMITED.
YOU CAN'T EXACTLY HIRE A GUARD
OR INSTALL
AN EXPENSIVE ALARM SYSTEM
IF YOU'RE SUPPOSED
TO BE BARELY SCRAPING BY.
THAT MEANS YOU
HAVE TO IMPROVISE.
CONNECTING A MOTION SENSOR
IN YOUR APARTMENT
TO A PORCH LIGHT, FOR EXAMPLE,
CAN PROTECT YOUR HOME
AND PROTECT YOUR IDENTITY.
IT'S ALSO A GOOD IDEA
TO FIND A PLACE YOU CAN GET INTO
WITHOUT USING THE FRONT DOOR.
MOST PEOPLE DON'T GO LOOKING
FOR SECOND FLOOR APARTMENTS
WITH WINDOWS FACING AN ALLEY,
BUT IN A PINCH,
THERE'S NOTHING LIKE IT.
WOW, YOU REALLY DON'T LEARN.
YOU WERE THE ONE
WITH THE KNIFE IN THE ALLEY.
- RELAX, MICHAEL.
NOBODY'S HERE TO HURT YOU.
YOU KNOW, MICHAEL,
I ALMOST DIDN'T COME TONIGHT.
PABLO MADE A PRETTY GOOD CASE.
FINDING AN OPERATIVE LIKE YOU
COOLING HIS HEELS IN THE D.R.
IS ALMOST TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE.
- GLAD TO KNOW I HAVE A FAN.
SO WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
- I'VE GOT A SOFT SPOT
FOR OLD FRIENDS, MIKE.
- TELL ME ABOUT THE JOB.
I'M READY.
- SLOW DOWN.
WE GOTTA MAKE SURE
YOU'RE UP TO THE TASK FIRST.
- WHAT IS THAT SUPPOSED
TO MEAN?
- IT MEANS YOU'RE DONE
WITH THIS LIGHTER FLUID.
[liquid pours]
YOU'RE CLEAN STARTING NOW.
- COLD TURKEY.
[chuckles]
UH, I CAN'T DO THAT.
- OH, BUT YOU CAN.
YOU JUST SIGNED UP
FOR THE WORLD'S MOST EFFECTIVE
DETOX PROGRAM, MIKE.
YOU TAKE ONE MORE DRINK,
I PUT A BULLET IN THE BACK
OF YOUR HEAD.
- HUH, THAT'S A LITTLE EXTREME,
DON'T YOU THINK?
- LET ME MAKE ONE THING
PERFECTLY CLEAR.
I'M NOT JUST OFFERING YOU
A NEW JOB.
I'M OFFERING YOU
A NEW LIFE, MICHAEL.
BUT IN THIS NEW LIFE,
THERE'S NO SECOND CHANCES.
DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME?
- YEAH, I UNDERSTAND.
[upbeat music]
*
- OH, JAVI.
JUST THE GUY I WANT TO SEE.
DID YOU TALK TO THE CATERER
FOR ELSA'S PARTY
FOR THE BIRTHDAY THING?
DID YOU GUYS GET THE CAKE?
- YES, THEY DELIVER IT TUESDAY.
SO THERE'S THIS, UM--
- OKAY, BUT SHE
DOESN'T KNOW, RIGHT?
I MEAN, LOOK, I'M COUNTING
ON YOU HERE, OKAY?
THIS IS A COVERT OP,
MY FRIEND.
THIS IS TOP SECRET.
- OF COURSE.
I, UH--ACTUALLY,
I CAME OVER
BECAUSE THERE'S A MAN WAITING
FOR YOU IN THE MEMBER'S LOUNGE.
HE SAYS IT'S IMPORTANT.
IT'S CONCERNING
A FRIEND OF YOURS.
A MICHAEL WESTEN?
- JEAN FOURNIER,
DIRECTION GENERALE
DE LA SECURITE EXTERIEURE.
SO YOU'RE FRENCH INTEL?
- YES.
THANK YOU
FOR MEETING WITH ME.
- OH, IT'S NO PROBLEM, BUT I
GOTTA BE STRAIGHT WITH YOU.
I HAVEN'T SEEN MIKE
SINCE LAST YEAR.
- OH, WELL, PERHAPS IT'S WORTH
A DISCUSSION IN ANY CASE.
IT IS A MATTER
OF GREAT IMPORTANCE.
MY AGENCY HAS BEEN RUNNING
A MISSION
IN THE DOMINICAN REPUBLIC AND
YOUR FRIEND MONSIEUR WESTEN
HAS BEEN OBSERVED WORKING
WITH SOME MEN
THAT WE BELIEVE
TO BE EXTREMELY DANGEROUS.
NOW WE NEED
VERY URGENTLY TO KNOW
IF HE IS THERE
ON OFFICIAL BUSINESS.
- LOOK, I GOT NO CLUE
WHAT MIKE IS UP TO.
I MEAN, WHY YOU COMING TO ME?
- LAST RESORT, I'M AFRAID.
WE'VE CONTACTED
OUR FRIENDS AT THE CIA,
BUT...
[scoffs]
THEY WILL TELL US NOTHING.
- WELL, THEN THERE'S
YOUR ANSWER.
- MONSIEUR AXE, YOUR FRIEND'S
LIFE IS IN DANGER.
IF WESTEN IS CIA,
WE DO ONE THING.
IF HE'S NOT,
WE DO SOMETHING ELSE.
EITHER WAY, IF YOU TELL US
THE TRUTH, WE CAN PROTECT HIM.
- OKAY, LOOK, HAVE YOU
SPOKEN WITH HENRI LABELLE?
I WORKED WITH HIM BACK IN '98
WHEN HE RAN COUNTER-INTEL
FOR YOU GUYS.
HE'S PRETTY TIGHT
WITH LANGLEY TOO.
- WELL, YES, OF COURSE.
HENRI TRIED HIS BEST, BUT--
HMM.
CLEVER...
MONSIEUR AXE.
THERE'S NO REAL LABELLE,
IS THERE?
- WHY YOU ASKING QUESTIONS
ABOUT MIKE?
WHO THE HELL ARE YOU, PAL?
- I'M THE MAN WITH A KNIFE
TO YOUR FEMORAL ARTERY.
LET ME GO...
OR YOUR GIRLFRIEND'S BEAUTIFUL
PLACE WILL GET VERY BLOODY.
THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME,
MONSIEUR AXE.
AU REVOIR.
- JESSE! HEY, JESSE.
- SAM?
I'M SORRY I DIDN'T
CALL YOU BACK.
I'M A TERRIBLE FRIEND.
- YEAH, YOU ARE.
- I OWE YOU 1/2 JILLION MOJITOS.
- YEAH, YOU DO.
- BUT THIS
IS THE WORST TIME EVER.
- THIS CAN'T WAIT.
- SAM, I CAN'T
DO THIS RIGHT NOW, OKAY?
OUR SYSTEM WAS HACKED TODAY.
- RIGHT, AND I'M SURE
THIS FINE YOUNG MAN
CAN HELP YOU FIX IT LATER.
WE GOTTA TALK.
- NO, NO, NO.
NICK.
- COME ON, EGG MAN.
- NICK, YOU STAY RIGHT THERE.
- NICK--
- NICK, STAY.
- NICK, IT'S OKAY, BUDDY.
TIME FOR A TEN-MINUTE BREAK.
THANK YOU, SIR.
- WHAT?
- I'M AFRAID MIKE'S
IN TROUBLE.
- YOU HEARD FROM MIKE?
- NO, BUT A GUY TRIED
TO STAB ME
WHO CAME OVER
ASKING QUESTIONS ABOUT HIM.
- ASKING QUESTIONS--
AUSTRALIAN GUY?
GLASSES?
- WELL, HE HAD GLASSES,
BUT THIS GUY SAID
HE WAS WITH FRENCH INTELLIGENCE.
- DID HE?
- YEAH.
- MY GUY SAID HE WAS
IN THE DIAMOND BUSINESS.
SAID HE WAS LOOKING
FOR A BODYGUARD WITH SKILLS.
HE ASKED ME
IF I STILL WORKED WITH MIKE.
- WELL, THEN IT'S THE SAME GUY,
JUST A DIFFERENT COVER I.D.
- THINGS ARE STARTING
TO MAKE A LITTLE MORE SENSE NOW.
OUR SYSTEM WENT DOWN
LIKE FIVE MINUTES
AFTER THAT GUY
LEFT THE BUILDING.
- WAIT, ARE YOU SAYING
THAT GUY'S YOUR HACKER?
- HE'S GOTTA BE.
ONLY QUESTION IS, WHAT THE HELL
DOES HE WANT WITH MIKE?
- I DON'T KNOW, BUT IT'S TIME
TO CIRCLE THE WAGONS.
[phone rings]
- I'M A LITTLE BUSY
RIGHT NOW, SAM.
- YEAH, FI, LOOK,
NO MATTER WHAT YOU'RE DOING,
I NEED YOU TO PUT THAT
ON HOLD FOR A SECOND, OKAY?
I NEED YOU TO MEET ME
AND JESSE AT CARLITO'S AND--
- CAN'T PUT IT ON HOLD.
I'M ON A JOB.
I'M BRINGING IN A SKIP.
- CAN'T CARLOS
HANDLE THIS HIMSELF?
- UH-UH.
THIS IS A SERIOUS
SIX-FIGURE BAD GUY.
- YOU'RE GONNA WANNA STOP
RUNNING RIGHT NOW!
I'M TELLING YOU, MAN!
- I'M NOT GOIN' BACK TO JAIL!
- YOU'RE GONNA REGRET THAT
IN ABOUT THREE SECONDS!
THREE!
- COME ON,
CARLOS IS A BIG BOY, OKAY?
HE CAN HANDLE THIS SOLO.
- TWO!
- GOTTA GO, SAM.
ONE.
- [grunts]
YOU BITCH.
- AW, NOW, NOW.
IT'S JUST A BEANBAG ROUND.
AND THAT'S NO WAY
TO TALK TO A LADY.
- STAY DOWN.
- ARE YOU OKAY?
- I'M BETTER.
[headset beeps]
WHAT IS IT? WHAT'S UP?
- SAM KEEPS CALLING ME.
THIS BETTER BE IMPORTANT.
IF I HAD KNOWN THIS WAS ABOUT
MICHAEL, I WOULDN'T HAVE COME.
I HAVEN'T SEEN HIM IN
NINE MONTHS, NEITHER HAVE YOU.
I HAVE A LIFE NOW.
I HAVE A NEW HOUSE,
A NEW BUSINESS, A NEW MAN.
- WE TOTALLY FEEL YOU, FI.
WE TOTALLY FEEL YOU.
SAM AND I ARE GONNA HANDLE IT.
WE'RE GONNA RUN
THE MYSTERY GUY DOWN.
WE ALREADY GOT HIS PLATES FROM
THE SECURITY CAMERAS AT WORK.
- ALL WE'RE ASKING IS FOR YOU
TO JUST KEEP AN EYE ON MADDY.
THAT'S IT.
- THAT'S IT.
- SHE HAS ENOUGH
ON HER MIND RIGHT NOW.
CHARLIE'S CUSTODY HEARING
IS TOMORROW.
- CHARLIE?
MADDY'S GETTING CUSTODY
OF NATE'S KID?
DID I MISS SOMETHING?
YOU GUYS DON'T TELL ME
ANYTHING, SERIOUSLY.
- RUTH FELL OFF THE WAGON.
SHE'S IN REHAB.
SHE'S NOT FIT TO BE A MOTHER.
- ALL THE MORE REASON
TO FIGURE OUT WHO THIS GUY IS
AND WHAT HE WANTS,
'CAUSE LIKE IT OR NOT,
MIKE'S ENEMIES
ARE OUR ENEMIES.
- FINE.
BUT I'M DOING THIS
FOR MADELINE.
- THE CONCEPT
OF ONLY SHARING INFORMATION
THAT OPERATIVES NEED TO KNOW
ISN'T JUST USED
BY INTELLIGENCE AGENCIES.
TERRORISTS USE IT TOO
FOR THE SAME REASONS.
IT'S A CHALLENGE
WHEN YOU'RE INFILTRATING
A TERRORIST ORGANIZATION
BECAUSE IT MEANS
YOU DON'T GET TO KNOW
EXACTLY WHAT YOU'RE PART OF
UNTIL IT'S TOO LATE
TO DO ANYTHING ABOUT IT.
THIS IS INSANE.
YOU WANT ME TO PLAN CHARGES
IN A BUILDING
I'VE NEVER SEEN BEFORE.
- NOW YOU'VE SEEN IT.
- NO, WHAT I SEE IS A PLACE
CRAWLING WITH SECURITY.
- THAT'S BECAUSE
IT'S A SECURITY FIRM, MICHAEL.
DEFENSE CONTRACTOR TOO.
THINK OF IT AS A LATIN AMERICAN
VERSION OF BLACKWATER.
- OH, BLACKWATER.
YEAH, AND WE'RE GONNA GO
IN THERE ALONE.
THAT SOUNDS SAFE.
- THAT'S WHY HE'S HERE.
HE USED TO WORK WITH THEM.
HE KNOWS HIS WAY AROUND.
HE'LL GET YOU IN.
- I DON'T SEE ANY GUARD LOGS,
EMPLOYEE COUNTS,
NO POLICE RESPONSE TIMES.
I MEAN, IF YOU WANT THIS DONE
RIGHT, I NEED MORE TIME.
- MICHAEL, CONSIDER THIS A TEST
OF YOUR ABILITY TO OPERATE
UNDER CHALLENGING CONDITIONS.
NOW YOU TWO ARE GONNA
ENTER THE BUILDING
AS WEEKEND PRACTITIONERS
OF THE CUSTODIAL ARTS.
YOU'LL HAVE KEY CARDS THAT'LL
GET YOU PAST THE GUARDS.
ONCE YOU'RE INSIDE,
PABLO WILL DIRECT YOU
TO A HIGH SECURITY ROOM
ON THE EAST END OF THE BUILDING.
- AND THAT'S WHERE
WE PLANT THE CHARGES?
- EXACTLY.
FROM THERE, YOU'LL MAKE
YOUR WAY OUT BACK.
THERE'LL BE A VEHICLE
WAITING FOR YOU.
IF YOU HAVE ANY TROUBLE
AT THAT POINT,
I'LL BE UP THERE TO COVER YOU.
- YEAH, YOU STILL
HAVEN'T SAID ANYTHING
ABOUT WHAT THIS JOB IS.
WE'RE BLOWING SOMETHING UP,
BUT WHAT IS THAT THING?
WHY ARE WE BLOWING IT UP?
WHY CAN'T--
- YOU ASK TOO MANY QUESTIONS.
- AND MAYBE
YOU DON'T ASK ENOUGH.
EITHER YOU'RE CRAZY
OR YOU'RE TOO DUMB TO CARE.
- HEY!
LISTEN TO ME.
THIS MAN IS ONE OF
THE BRAVEST MEN I'VE EVER MET.
HE HAS RISKED HIS LIFE FOR ME
MORE TIMES THAN I CAN COUNT.
YOU WILL TREAT HIM
WITH THE RESPECT HE DESERVES.
I KNOW YOU HAVE QUESTIONS
AND YOU'LL GET
YOUR ANSWERS EVENTUALLY.
BUT THAT TIME IS NOT NOW.
I BROUGHT MICHAEL ON
FOR A REASON.
YOU ARE TO TREAT HIM
LIKE A MEMBER OF THIS TEAM.
YOU UNDERSTAND?
GOOD.
WE'RE ON IN THREE HOURS.
- ONE, TWO, WE'RE UP, WE'RE UP.
CHARLIE WESTEN SLAMS ONE DOWN
AND THE CROWD GOES WILD.
- FIONA, PUT THAT THING AWAY.
- MADELINE, I TOLD YOU
WE HAVE A SITUATION.
- YOU'RE DAMN RIGHT
CHILD SERVICES COULD MAKE
A HOME VISIT AT ANY TIME.
FOR GOD'S SAKE,
I QUIT SMOKING FOR THIS.
ONE GUN COULD RUIN EVERYTHING.
- IT'S JUST UNTIL
SAM AND JESSE FIND THIS GUY.
- WHY DON'T WE JUST
CALL THE POLICE?
- WE WILL
TAKE CARE OF IT OURSELVES
JUST LIKE WE ALWAYS DO.
- THAT CHILD LOST
BOTH HIS PARENTS.
I WILL NOT LET HIM LOSE ME.
- LET US WORRY ABOUT
ANY DANGER.
YOU JUST WORRY ABOUT MAKING SURE
YOU GET TO KEEP CHARLIE.
- THERE WE GO.
OH, OH, THERE HE GOES.
[phone rings]
- IT'S JESSE.
I GOTTA TAKE IT.
- TELL HIM
TO FIND THAT GUY ALREADY.
- ANY LUCK?
- OH, NO LUCK.
ALL SKILL.
I RAN THE GUY'S PLATES.
HE WAS DRIVING A RENTAL.
NAME ON THE CREDIT CARD
WAS JACK MARSDEN.
- WELL, THAT CAN'T BE
HIS REAL NAME.
- WELL, OF COURSE NOT.
AND HE ONLY USED THE CARD ONCE.
BUT HERE'S WHY I'M A GENIUS.
I CHECKED ALL THE OTHER CARDS
ISSUED BY THAT COMPANY
THE SAME DAY.
FOUND A J.P. MARSDEN
WHO JUST USED A BRAND-NEW CARD
TO RENT A HOUSE
IN COCONUT GROVE.
A-BAM.
- YOU THINK
HE STILL LIVES THERE?
- SAM AND I ARE HEADING
OVER THERE RIGHT NOW.
- SMUGGLING ANYTHING
INTO A SECURE BUILDING
IS ALL ABOUT MISDIRECTION.
YOU CAN'T KEEP ALARMS FROM
GOING OFF OR DOGS FROM BARKING,
BUT YOU CAN MASK
WHY IT'S HAPPENING.
- [speaking Spanish]
- A METAL DETECTOR
CAN'T DIFFERENTIATE
BETWEEN A SMITH & WESSON .45
AND A STEEL-SIDED
FLOOR POLISHER...
[dog panting]
THE SAME WAY A BOMB-SNIFFING
GERMAN SHEPHERD
DOESN'T KNOW THE DIFFERENCE
BETWEEN THE SMELL OF C-4
AND NITROGEN-BASED FERTILIZERS.
[all speaking Spanish]
WE'RE AT THE DOOR.
- REAR EXIT'S CLEAR.
YOU'VE GOT THREE MINUTES
BEFORE THAT PATROL CAR
CIRCLES AROUND AGAIN.
- COPY THAT.
[keypad beeps]
[error tone]
DAMN IT.
- DID YOU GET THE WRONG CODE?
- NO, THIS WAS RIGHT.
THEY MUST HAVE CHANGED IT.
- WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
- WE'LL HAVE TO TAKE A GUARD,
GET IT FROM HIM.
- WE DON'T HAVE TIME
FOR AN INTERROGATION.
WE'LL USE THE EXPLOSIVE.
WE'LL GET THROUGH THE DOOR
WITH A CUTTING CHARGE.
- WE'VE ONLY GOT ONE DETONATOR.
- LET ME HANDLE THAT.
JUST COVER ME.
PABLO, PLEASE.
WE DON'T HAVE TIME.
- FINE, BUT DO IT QUICKLY.
- C-4 IS THE MOST POPULAR
MILITARY EXPLOSIVE
MAINLY BECAUSE
IT'S EXTREMELY STABLE.
THAT'S GREAT IF SAFETY
IS YOUR MAIN CONCERN,
BUT NOT SO GREAT
IF YOU'RE SHORT A DETONATOR.
WHEN YOU HAVE TO IMPROVISE,
A PRIMARY EXPLOSIVE
LIKE MERCURY FULMINATE
MIXED WITH GUNPOWDER
CAN PROVIDE THE ENERGY NEEDED
TO SET OFF A CHUNK OF C-4,
PROVIDED YOU CAN
GET THEM IN PLACE
WITHOUT BLOWING YOUR HAND OFF.
HERE.
BURKE, CHANGE OF PLANS.
WE'RE COMING OUT HOT.
- COPY THAT.
I'LL BE READY WHEN YOU DO.
[alarm blares]
- [yelling in Spanish]
[bomb beeps]
[yelling in Spanish]
- TIME TO GO!
- WE HAVE TO MOVE, NOW.
[grunts]
[bomb beeps]
- DAMN IT.
[gunfire]
- GONNA MEET UP IN TWO HOURS.
CHANGE CLOTHES AND SWITCH CARS.
RADIO SILENCE UNTIL THEN.
[gunfire]
- THIS IS THE PLACE.
MATCHES THE ADDRESS
ON THE RENTAL AGREEMENT.
- I DON'T SEE ANY CARS.
PLACE LOOKS EMPTY.
- MAYBE, MAYBE NOT.
THERE'S THE BOX.
LET'S SEE IF HE'S HOME.
- AN EASY WAY TO TELL
IF A HOUSE IS OCCUPIED
IS TO MONITOR
THE ELECTRICITY USAGE
WITH A NON-CONTACT
VOLTAGE METER.
YOU CAN DO A QUICK CHECK
OF THE BREAKER BOX
AND SEE IF ANYONE'S
GOT THE LIGHTS ON.
- EITHER HE LIKES TO SIT
SILENTLY IN THE DARK
OR HE'S NOT IN THERE.
- GOOD.
I'M LOOKING FORWARD TO
SURPRISING THE SON OF A BITCH
WHEN HE GETS BACK HOME.
- OH, BOY.
YOU'RE A LITTLE FIRED UP
ABOUT THIS ONE, AREN'T YOU?
- HE HELD A SWITCHBLADE TO A
VERY SENSITIVE REGION OF SAM AXE
THAT ONLY ELSA
AND SANDINO GET TO TOUCH.
WHAT?
SANDINO'S MY MASSEUR.
- T.M.I., SAM.
T.M.I.
- ONCE YOU'RE AT THE STRUCTURE
THE NEXT STEP IS GETTING IN.
THE SAME PORTABLE VOLTAGE TESTER
YOU USED TO MEASURE
ELECTRICAL USAGE
CAN ALSO DETECT
ELECTRICAL CURRENTS.
WHICH MEANS,
IF YOU CAN GET CLOSE
TO YOUR TARGET'S
DOORS AND WINDOWS,
YOU CAN TELL IF HE'S GOT
AN ACTIVE ALARM SYSTEM
WITH A WAVE OF YOUR HAND.
- OKAY, WE'RE IN.
- NICE.
[voltage meter beeps]
WAIT, WAIT.
VOLT METER JUST SPIKED.
- I THOUGHT
YOU SCANNED THE DOOR.
- I DID.
I THINK SOMETHING
JUST TURNED ON.
- CAN YOU SEE WHAT IT IS?
- OF COURSE, JUST BECAUSE
THEY DON'T HAVE AN ALARM SYSTEM
DOESN'T MEAN
YOU DON'T HAVE TO WORRY
ABOUT LESS CONVENTIONAL
FORMS OF SECURITY.
- SAM, DON'T MOVE.
DON'T MOVE.
DON'T EVEN BREATHE.
- WHAT IS IT?
- I SAID, "DON'T MOVE"!
- DO YOU SEE THE GUY?
- IT'S A PRETTY SAFE BET
THAT HE'S NOT HOME.
PEOPLE DON'T USUALLY
WIRE A CLAYMORE MINE
TO THEIR FRONT DOOR WHEN
THEY'RE JUST CHILLING INSIDE.
- DID YOU SAY, "CLAYMORE"?
- YEAH.
IT'S ON A REMOTE TRIGGER.
I THINK WE JUST ACTIVATED IT.
- WHAT? HOW?
- STOP! DON'T--[grunts]
IT'S GOTTA BE SOMETHING
IN THE LOCK.
IT'S PROBABLY SET TO GO OFF
WHEN YOU TURN THE KNOB...
OR WHEN YOU LET IT GO.
- WAIT, WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
WHEN I TURN THE KNOB
OR LET IT GO?
WHICH IS IT?
- I DON'T KNOW.
JUST DON'T MOVE, DON'T TWITCH,
DON'T BLINK, DON'T...THINK.
- EXCUSE ME.
I'M HERE FOR THE CHARLIE WESTEN
CUSTODY CASE.
- RIGHT THIS WAY.
MR. EMORY IS WAITING FOR YOU
IN THE CONFERENCE ROOM.
- I'M SORRY, I THOUGH I WAS
MEETING WITH MR. COYER.
- ACTUALLY, NO.
A SUPERVISOR
FROM THE STATE OFFICE
CAME EARLY THIS MORNING
TO HANDLE YOUR CASE.
- WHY? IS SOMETHING WRONG?
- NO, NO, IT'S PROBABLY JUST
THAT YOUR CASE IS SENSITIVE.
- AH, MRS. WESTEN.
HI, THERE.
- HELLO.
- I'M WARREN EMORY.
SO GOOD TO MEET YOU.
- THANK YOU.
- YOU'RE WELCOME.
- I MUST SAY, MRS. WESTEN,
BASED ON THE REPORTS
THAT I'VE SEEN,
YOU'RE IN GOOD POSITION TO MOVE
FORWARD IN YOUR EFFORTS
TO BECOME YOUR GRANDSON'S
LEGAL GUARDIAN.
- [exhales]
THANK YOU.
I'M SO RELIEVED.
- UNFORTUNATELY
THERE IS AN ISSUE
THAT WE HAVEN'T COVERED
AND WE'RE CONCERNED
IT MAY IMPACT
THE SUITABILITY OF THE HOME
ENVIRONMENT FOR CHARLIE.
SPECIFICALLY YOUR SON MICHAEL.
- MICHAEL?
HE HASN'T--MICHAEL SHOULD NOT
BE AN ISSUE.
I HAVE NO CONTACT WITH HIM.
- HMM.
- I'M SORRY,
YOU HAVE TO UNDERSTAND--
- NO, I UNDERSTAND.
I REALLY DO.
BUT THE DEPARTMENT,
I'M AFRAID THEY WON'T
WITHOUT SOME KIND OF AN IDEA
ABOUT YOUR SON'S CURRENT STATUS.
- I'M NOT SUPPOSED
TO TALK ABOUT MICHAEL.
- HMM.
- THAT'S ALL I CAN SAY.
- THEN I'M AFRAID
THERE'S NOTHING MORE
THAT WE CAN DO HERE.
I'M SURE WE CAN PLACE CHARLIE
IN A FOSTER CARE--
- NO, PLEASE!
MICHAEL IS WORKING
ON A GOVERNMENT ASSIGNMENT.
THAT'S ALL I CAN SAY.
- HMM.
IS THIS SOMETHING
YOU CAN, UH, VERIFY?
- NOT EXACTLY,
BUT YOU COULD LOOK UP
MY ARREST RECORDS
FROM LAST YEAR
WHEN I TURNED MYSELF IN
TO THE POLICE.
WE WERE ALL RELEASED--
PART OF A DEAL THAT MICHAEL
HAD MADE WITH THE CIA.
- THAT'S EXCELLENT,
MRS. WESTEN.
I'M GLAD
THAT WE'RE MAKING PROGRESS.
NOW, TELL ME MORE
ABOUT THIS DEAL.
- HOW YOU DOING THERE, JESSE?
GETTING A LITTLE WOBBLY HERE.
- NO. NO WOBBLING.
JUST GETTIN' A TOOL.
HANG ON.
- YOU CALL THAT A TOOL?
WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU
GONNA DO WITH THAT?
- I LEFT MY BOMB ROBOT
AT HOME, SAM.
CAN'T DISARM THE THING.
I'M GONNA TRY TO CHANGE
THE BLAST RADIUS.
[breathes heavily]
OKAY.
CAN YOU GIVE ME SOME ROOM
TO WORK HERE?
I'M A LITTLE CLOSE
TO SANDINO TERRITORY.
- AS I RECALL, YOU TOLD ME
NOT TO MOVE A MUSCLE.
I'M GONNA STICK WITH THAT.
- FAIR ENOUGH.
- CLAYMORE MINES
ARE ONE OF THE MOST LETHAL
ANTI-PERSONNEL DEVICES
IN EXISTENCE.
THE SHRAPNEL INSIDE CAN RIP
THROUGH THE WALL OF A HOUSE
AND STILL BE DEADLY
UP TO 200 METERS.
- OOH.
- BUT BECAUSE A CLAYMORE
IS A DIRECTIONAL CHARGE,
MOST OF THE BLAST
IS PROPELLED FORWARD,
WHICH MEANS IF DISARMING IT
ISN'T AN OPTION,
BEING BEHIND IT WHEN IT GOES OFF
IS THE NEXT BEST THING
AS LONG AS YOU HAVE
ADEQUATE COVER.
- OKAY.
WE CAN'T RISK TIPPING IT OVER.
THAT'S AS FAR
AS IT'S GONNA GO.
- IS THAT ENOUGH?
- IT SHOULD BE.
- SHOULD BE?
IT SHOULD BE OR IT IS?
"SHOULD BE" IS HOW BOMB TECHS
LOSE BODY PARTS.
- OKAY, THEN IT IS.
- ARE YOU LYING TO ME?
- MAYBE.
I DON'T KNOW.
JUST JUMP THAT WAY, OKAY?
JUMP FAR.
- OKAY, READY?
- NO, I'M NOT READY.
HOLD ON.
- WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
- HEY, SOMEBODY'S GOTTA
TAKE YOU TO THE HOSPITAL
IF THIS THING GOES WRONG,
RIGHT?
HOLD ON.
OKAY.
WHOO-HOO-HOO!
THAT WASN'T TOO BAD, HUH?
- [groans]
- YOU OKAY?
- YEAH.
NEXT TIME,
YOU'RE ON LOCK DUTY.
- NEXT TIME.
YEAH.
- LET'S SEE WHAT THIS GUY
WAS SO ANXIOUS TO PROTECT.
- WELL, IT'S A HELL OF A WAY
TO REDECORATE.
- NOTHING OUT THIS WAY.
YOU SEE ANYTHING?
- YEAH, CHECK THIS OUT.
LOOKS LIKE SOMEONE
TURNED HIS KITCHEN
INTO A FAKE I.D. FACTORY.
- GUY MUST HAVE BEEN
A BOY SCOUT.
LOOKS LIKE HE PREPPED
EVERY KIND OF COVER I.D.
HE COULD POSSIBLY NEED.
- AIRPORT SECURITY,
BUILDING INSPECTOR.
- HERE WE GO.
HE'S EVEN WORKING ON--
- WHAT? WHAT IS IT?
- AW, JESUS.
- OH, MY GOD.
[phone beeps]
[phone rings]
- SAM, YOU FIND ANYTHING?
- FI, WHERE ARE YOU?
- WELL, I'M WAITING
FOR MADELINE
TO FINISH HER CUSTODY MEETING.
WHAT'S WRONG?
- WE JUST FOUND A DEPARTMENT
OF CHILDREN AND FAMILIES I.D.
AT THE MYSTERY MAN'S HOUSE.
- WHAT?
- HE'S IN THERE, FI!
HE'S IN THE SAME ROOM
WITH MADDY RIGHT NOW!
GET OVER THERE!
- WHERE IS THE MADELINE WESTEN
CUSTODY MEETING?
- THE EVALUATION IS--
- WHERE IS SHE?
- IN THE CONFERENCE ROOM
AT THE END OF THE HALL.
- MADELINE.
- FIONA, WHAT ARE YOU DOING
BACK HERE?
- WHERE IS THE MAN
YOU WERE TALKING WITH?
- MR. EMORY?
HE LEFT FOR TALLAHASSEE.
BUT IT'S GOOD NEWS.
HE'S GONNA RECOMMEND
THAT I GET CUSTODY OF--
- DID HE ASK YOU ANYTHING
ABOUT MICHAEL?
WHAT EXACTLY
DID YOU TELL HIM?
- OH, MY GOD.
NO.
- YOU COULDN'T STEAL A CAR
THAT HAD AIR CONDITIONING?
- I CHOSE ONE
THAT WOULDN'T STAND OUT.
YOU WANT COMFORT
OR YOU WANNA GET THROUGH
THIS POLICE CHECKPOINT?
AND COVER YOUR LEG.
A NEW CAR WON'T DO US
MUCH GOOD
IF THE COPS SEE FRESH BLOOD
FROM A BULLET WOUND.
- HEY, YOU JUST WORRY
ABOUT DRIVING, OKAY?
[phone rings]
BUENO?
YEAH, IT'S GOOD.
- IF YOU WORK IN
COVERT OPERATIONS LONG ENOUGH,
YOU DEVELOP A SIXTH SENSE FOR
WHEN YOUR COVER HAS BEEN BLOWN.
- NO, DON'T WORRY.
I'LL TAKE CARE OF IT.
OKAY, I'LL TALK TO YOU SOON.
- WHO WAS THAT?
- IT'S BURKE...CHECKING IN.
- I THOUGHT WE WEREN'T SUPPOSED
TO TALK UNTIL THE RENDEZVOUS.
- YEAH, WELL, I GUESS
HE DECIDED TO CHANGE THE PLAN.
- WHEN YOU THINK YOU MIGHT
HAVE BEEN COMPROMISED,
IT PAYS TO TRUST
YOUR INSTINCTS.
AFTER ALL, THE ONLY WAY
YOU KNOW FOR SURE
YOUR COVER HAS BEEN BLOWN
IS WHEN SOMEONE PUTS A BULLET
IN THE BACK OF YOUR HEAD.
YOU SHOULD PROBABLY
GIVE ME YOUR GUN.
IF THE COPS DON'T BUY
OUR STORY,
I'M GONNA HAVE TO SHOOT OUR WAY
OUT OF THIS.
- YOU HAVE A GUN.
- WHICH I'D LOVE TO USE,
BUT I'M OUT OF AMMO.
REMEMBER?
SAVING YOUR ASS BACK THERE?
- LISTEN, IF WE RUN INTO
TROUBLE, I'LL HANDLE IT, OKAY?
- YOU'RE INJURED.
LOOK, THIS IS CRAZY.
- NO, WHAT'S CRAZY IS ME
GIVING MY GUN TO A TRAITOR.
YEAH, THAT'S RIGHT.
I KNOW THE TRUTH.
THAT CALL?
THAT WAS FROM A FRIEND
OF MINE IN MIAMI.
HE JUST FOUND OUT
YOU STILL WORK FOR THE CIA.
HANDS ON THE WHEEL, MICHAEL.
- UM...
I DON'T KNOW WHO YOUR FRIEND IS,
BUT THEY'VE GOT BAD INFORMATION.
- FROM YOUR OWN MOTHER, PENDEJO?
YOU TRY ANYTHING, YOU DIE.
- [speaking Spanish]
- UH, TURISTAS.
GOING TO BAHI BAY--BAYAHIBE.
IT'S FISHING.
PESCADOS.
FISH, FISH.
- NAMES AND HOTEL
WHERE YOU STAY.
[yelling in Spanish]
[gunfire]
- [grunts]
- [yells in Spanish]
- HOW DID IT HAPPEN?
- STOPPED AT A CHECKPOINT.
COP STARTED ASKING QUESTIONS.
PABLO, HE--HE PANICKED.
PULLED A GUN.
I TIRED TO GET US
OUT OF THERE, BUT...
- DID HE SUFFER?
TELL ME THE TRUTH, MICHAEL.
- COPS FIRED AT THE CAR.
HEADSHOT.
HE DIED INSTANTLY.
- YOU NEED TO KNOW
WE LOST A HERO TODAY.
AND THIS MISSION CONTINUES
ONLY BECAUSE OF WHAT HE DID.
YOU UNDERSTAND?
- I JUST WISH
I COULD HAVE SAVED HIM.
- I'M SURE YOU DID
ALL YOU COULD, MICHAEL.
I'M GONNA GO AWAY
FOR A FEW DAYS.
I'LL BE IN TOUCH, BUT I WANT YOU
TO KEEP A LOW PROFILE
UNTIL I GET BACK.
YOU STAY STRONG, MICHAEL.
AND BE READY.
[exotic music]
*
- [speaking Spanish]
- SO YOU'VE BEEN A BUSY BOY.
APPARENTLY YOU BLEW UP
ABOUT $20 MILLION
OF SATELLITE DECRYPTION
EQUIPMENT YESTERDAY.
ANY IDEA WHY?
- NO, BUT IT'S PART OF SOMETHING
BIGGER, A LOT BIGGER.
BURKE WAS CLEAR ABOUT THAT.
WHAT ABOUT MY COVER?
- WE HAVE A SERIOUS PROBLEM.
SOMEONE'S BEEN ASKING
AROUND MIAMI ABOUT YOU.
YOU THINK BURKE KNOWS?
- NO, OR I'D BE DEAD.
PABLO SAID THE MIAMI CONTACT
WAS HIS, NOT BURKE'S.
BUT WHOEVER HE IS, HE WON'T
KEEP HIS SECRET FOREVER.
- WHICH IS WHY I'M HEADED
STATESIDE TO CLEAN THIS UP.
WHEN'S BURKE SUPPOSED
TO MAKE CONTACT AGAIN?
- NOT FOR AT LEAST
ANOTHER 48 HOURS.
- THAT'S CUTTING IT CLOSE,
BUT WE DON'T HAVE MUCH CHOICE.
I NEED SOMEONE IN MIAMI
WHO CAN HIT THE GROUND RUNNING,
SO YOU'RE COMING WITH.
- I'LL NEED TO CONTACT
SAM AND JESSE.
- DON'T CONTACT ANYBODY.
THIS ISN'T A CLASS REUNION.
YOU GET SEEN IN MIAMI,
OUR WHOLE OP IS OVER.
WE GO IN,
WE STAY IN THE SHADOWS.
NO ONE KNOWS WE'RE THERE.
WE FIND THIS SON OF A BITCH
AND WE PUT HIM IN THE GROUND.
YOU UNDERSTAND
THE STAKES, RIGHT?
- I UNDERSTAND IT'S HIM OR ME.